Update B004 and make it more abstract. (#20)
qualiticcommunity/qualiticcommunity.github.io: catalog/build_ci/B004.md

### B004

|**Code**           | **B004** |
|**Title**          | Prevent Compiler Warning. |

> |**Description**    | Some procedures prevent merging codes with compiler warning.|

Reviewer: As an example, a project may have compiler warnings on main branch, but prevent new changes that have such warnings; does the project meet this item in this case? If so, I recommend clarifying it in the description. like:
```suggestion
|**Description**    | No compiler warnings exist on main branch and some procedures prevent merging code with such warnings. |
```

Author: I replaced your suggestion.
